Added changelog for FTI-2744 for 2.8.2.0 (#4595)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/gateway/changelog.md

* Hybrid mode: Fixed an issue with consumer groups, where the control plane wasn't sending the correct number of consumer entries to data planes.
* Targets with a weight of `0` are no longer included in health checks, and checking their status via the `upstreams/<upstream>/health` endpoint results in the status `HEALTHCHECK_OFF`.
Previously, the `upstreams/<upstream>/health` endpoint was incorrectly reporting targets with `weight=0` as `HEALTHY`, and the health check was reporting the same targets as `UNDEFINED`.

> * Fixed service routes update failure issue in hybrid mode just after a control plane restart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Hybrid mode: Fixed an issue where sending a `PATCH` request to update a route after a control plane is restarted caused a 500 error response to be returned.
```
